



Network Working Group                                        B. Trammell
Internet-Draft                                   Google Switzerland GmbH
Intended status: Informational                          20 November 2020
Expires: 24 May 2021


                            A BoF-Only IETF
                    draft-trammell-shmoo-boi-latest

Abstract

   This document proposes a model for running IETF meetings that aims to
   maximize the value of coordinated face-to-face time at the three
   annual plenary meetings while enabling established working groups to
   make progress in a more asynchronous manner... [WORK POINTER]

Discussion Venues

   This note is to be removed before publishing as an RFC.

   Source for this draft and an issue tracker can be found at
   https://github.com/britram/draft-trammell-shmoo-boi.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 24 May 2021.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2020 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Simplified BSD License text
   as described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
   2.  Assumptions
   3.  A BoF-Mostly IETF
     3.1.  Pandemic Phase
     3.2.  Pandemic Recovery Phase
     3.3.  Post Pandemic Phase
   4.  Acknowledgments
   Author's Address

1.  Introduction

2.  Assumptions

3.  A BoF-Mostly IETF

3.1.  Pandemic Phase

3.2.  Pandemic Recovery Phase

3.3.  Post Pandemic Phase

4.  Acknowledgments

Author's Address

   Brian Trammell
   Google Switzerland GmbH
   Gustav-Gull-Platz 1
   CH- 8004 Zurich
   Switzerland

   Email: ietf@trammell.ch
